Add a "Write your first test" page to the Get Started section (#1777)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/get-started/write-your-first-test.md

## Basic structure of a k6 test

For k6 to be able to interpret and execute your test, every k6 script follows a common structure, revolving around a few core components:

1. **Default function**: This is where the test logic resides. It defines what your test will do and how it will behave during execution. It should be exported as the default function in your script.
2. **Imports**: You can import additional [k6 modules](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/) or [JavaScript libraries (jslibs)](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/jslib/) to extend your script’s functionality, such as making HTTP requests or simulating browser interactions. Note that k6 is not built upon NodeJS, and instead uses its own JavaScript runtime. Compatibility with some npm modules may vary.
3. **Options (optional)**: Enable you to configure the execution of the test, such as defining the number of virtual users, the test duration, or setting performance thresholds. See our [options documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6/k6-options/) for more details.

> 4. **Lifecycle operations (optional)**: Because your test might need run code before and/or after the execution of the test logic, [lifecycle operations](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/jslib/) allow you to write code, either as predefined functions, or within specific code scopes, that will be executed at different stages of the test execution.

Author: I rephrased accordingly 🙂 Let me know what you think 🙇‍♂️

   ```javascript
   import http from 'k6/http';
   import { sleep } from 'k6';

   export const options = {
     // Define the number of iterations for the test
     iterations: 10,
   };
   ```

4. **Define a default exported function to hold our test logic**: The default exported function is the entry point for the test script. It will be executed repeatedly the number of times we defined with the `iterations` option. In this function, we will make a `GET` request to a URL and introduce a 1-second delay between requests. Add the following code to your script:

   ```javascript
   import http from 'k6/http';
   import { sleep } from 'k6';

   export const options = {
     iterations: 10,
   };

   // The default exported function is gonna be picked up by k6 as the entry point for the test script. It will be executed repeated in "iterations" for the whole duration of the test.
   export default function () {
     // Make a GET request to the target URL
     http.get('https://test-api.k6.io');

     // Sleep for 1 second to simulate real-world usage
     sleep(1);
   }
   ```

> ### Going a bit further

Author: I like it 👍🏻

Once comfortable with this basic script, you can extend its functionality in many ways. Here are a few ideas to get you started:

1. _Multiple requests_: You can add more `http.get()` or `http.post()` requests to simulate more complex user flows.
2. _Using TypeScript_: If you prefer TypeScript, k6 supports it too. You can learn more in our [TypeScript guide](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6/javascript-typescript-compatibility-mode/#experimental-enhanced-mode).
3. _Thresholds, checks, and metrics_: You can add conditions to monitor performance. For example, you can set thresholds to ensure the response time doesn’t exceed a certain limit. Learn more about thresholds and checks in our documentation.
4. _Browser tests_: Use the browser module to simulate user interactions like clicking buttons or filling out forms. This is useful for testing web applications. Learn more about browser tests in our [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/using-k6-browser/).

> Furthermore, to speed up the process of putting together a k6 test script in the future, you can use the k6 to generate a basic script like the one we've written above using the `k6 new` command. Try it out!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `k6 new` command to speed up the process of putting together a k6 test script when you're testing a new service or application. Try it out!
```

> ## Next Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```

> Now that you’ve written your first k6 test script, it’s time to run it. Visit our [Running k6](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/get-started/running-k6/) page to learn how to execute your script and analyze the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you’ve written your first k6 test script, it’s time to run it. Refer to [Running k6](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/get-started/running-k6/) to learn how to execute your script and analyze the results.
```
